# User Persona

<!-- some introduction -->

Hack Your Future is a free 9-month front end web development program for
newcomers passionate about code and web development.

---

<!-- a persona -->

## New Resident/Housewife

**Bio**: Jane Doris, is 28 years old originally from Singapore, she earned her
undergraduate degree in economics in her 20 and has been working for several
start-up companies as part of their marketing communication/public relations
team. Jane is an avid traveler who is forthcoming, creative and always seeking
room to grow in her life and career.

**Needs/Goals**: Recently she just married and moved to Belgium where her
husband live. She looking for the opportunity to learn about web development as
her interest is peaked when she tapped into digital marketing from her previous
employment. In the future, she wants to create work around her lifestyle which
allows her to be location independent. She looking into UI/UX design as a career
option.

**Frustrations**: She has little to no knowledge of programming languages, She
is only fluent in English and a couple of Asian languages, She has little to no
budget for the tuition fee as she just recently move to Belgium and hasn't found
any job yet.

**Scenario**: Before sending her application, Jane sets up the main criteria for
her search. She would like to see what kind of curriculum is offered in the
courses, whether or not the course is free, is suitable for beginners, and is
taught in English.

## Managing Director/Corporate

**Bio**: John Doyle, is 45 years old managing director at a start-up company
that engages in the field of web and software development. The company provides
early-stage consultancy & advisory services, specification building, and
well-rounded delivery teams to conduct end-to-end planning, delivery, and
maintenance technology projects.

**Needs/Goals**: As the company starts to grow and get more clients and demands,
John needs new talent to join their team.

**Frustrations**: He is frustrated when he has to search in many places with
many different sources for the information he's looking for. He'd like to have
it all in one place along with the straightforward information that he needed as
he highly upholds time & efficiency.

**Scenario**: John received a proposal from his employee who likes to start an
initiative to give back to the community by proposing a mentorship program for
his expertise where he can also function as a talent scout of new hires for the
company.

## Corporate Partnership Manager

**Bio**: William Samba is 35 years ols manager in Google Belgium. He is
responsible for developing mutually beneficial relationship between a nonprofit
or charitable organization and Google company with a purpose to pursue a common
goal based on the shared values of participating organizations.

**Needs/Goals**: This year his department has received a budget of 150K to
invest in a nonprofit tech related organization in Belgium. He needs to choose
the organizations that meet all Google Partnership requirements in order to
support them with donations and establish partnership for future.

**Frustrations**: William is frustrated that many non-profit organizations in
Belgium is hard to get in contact with and little information is available on
its websites.

**Scenario**:In order to meet right organization for the partnership he needs to
evaluate how active the organization in tech sector, find statistics about its
graduates and be sure that the HQ is located in Belgium.
